#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe
#
anyio==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
brotli==1.1.0
    # via flask-compress
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-caching
catboost==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via shap
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   dash-uploader
dash-bootstrap-components==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-renderer==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-uploader==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.7.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-compress
flask-caching==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-compress==1.13
    # via dash
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.15.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.57.1
    # via shap
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   dash
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.0
    # via qtconsole
redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.10.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   shap
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
shap==0.42.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   catboost
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via shap
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata
